                    CSE 260, Parallel Computation
                                (Winter 2014)
                Department of Computer Science and Engineering 	
                        University of California, San Diego 	


                        Team Self Evaluation Form, Assignment #3

Each team must submit one copy of this self evaluation form. 
The members of each team should discuss how they
worked together and what to write for the evaluation.

(1) List the names of your team members:

A: Andrew Conegliano

 
B: Matthias Springer

 
C:

 
(2) Estimate how much time each team member devoted to this project, in HOURS.

  	                        A 	       B              C
meetings 	  	  	          60         60
coding 	  	  	            40         40
writeup 	  	  	          20          20
planning (alone) 	  	  	  0          0
total (including meetings) 	60         60


(3) Describe 
(a) what the major responsibilities of each team member were;
We implemented all stuff together during meetings. Therefore, the time for
meetings is the same as for coding and writeup. We did pair programming most
of the time except for certain phases of the project, where we tried different
approaches in parallel separately (in order to gain 2x parallel speedup).

(b) whether or not you completed the assignment;
Yes. We completed all tasks that were supposed to be done by groups of 2.

(c) the major strengths and weaknesses in your team, e.g. how
    your team worked together;
We always worked together during meetings. The good thing about that was
that we spent less time debugging because if one of us made an error, the
other guy usually saw it quickly.

(d) the lessons learned from these events;
We learned how to use MPI and GDB with multiple threads.

(e) whether and how you plan to change the way your work together and
We will keep working like this since it worked pretty good for us.

(f) anything else that comes to mind.
Be more specific on the assignment (e.g. what exact numbers (speed) do we have
to achieve, ...).


